a little-bitty the same trouble enmity
and today I'm going to be showing you a
in fat cat video Thursday this is a
Hindu girl and part of tank I've done a
training round the type hasn't seen the
class at the bottom back are doing
really good just because I've been
clearing off the top of the tank I've
been taking all the dead plants and
keeping this really nice little crust
Rosario plant ants on us go to the patio
so angelfish need at least a 30 gallon
tank that probably has France and
driftwood in just so they can film what
her Libre tank we need a society
software siddik water and they need the
nitrates and nitrites as low as possible
so anyway tank meat wise they can do
with larger species hatcheries neon
tetras need to be avoided they could be
eaten straight away by these guys so you
need to avoid them but tongue weights
can half-hour platies Barb's
you know like large parties large blob
Barb's surfing touches even glass
catfish through itself showing now
they're quite big actually so you know
anything that won't fit into their
mouths is okay most people keep around
three to four angelfish I only keep to
this because that's the way I've kept
them for ages and they've never been
aggressive to eat oh also a breeding
pair so they can be slightly aggressive
to each other but you know there's never
too much
so with angelfish we need quite a tall
tank as well as a long tank because they
need loads of swimming room and you know
plenty of oxygen you know their water
primers needs to be quite good for these
guys there are some aggressive and they
are also easy scare for there's not much
you know to them really so their diet
needs to be quite varied I would not
recommend them feeding them late are
they not too much a fan of that they
actually do for anything such a blood
worm or brine shrimp they like blood one
a lot more minded definitely but dry
food you can beat them are definitely
one brand of food I would recommend is
definitely accept climate there and this
is ready get it you know help improve
their color they really like this stuff
also cut also in British pellets they're
okay they're not the best but they're
still really good so any of this a sort
of a beginner fish the hasn't seen the
black marble angelfish that's first
forever got he was a fan of vitamin C
and they grow quite a lot that's one
thing in this barren mind but once
they've got to their full potential of
size their bodies can get about six
increase don't know that's only their
bodies if you have read such as black
marble angelfish their fins can get so
huge sizes as you've seen - pretty big
but then thumbs meeting set for silver
zebra a angelfish and also blocking
traffic they also they have really small
finish and therefore they won't be as
large even though the bodies are going
to be around six
their fins will be back - too big so
when it comes to breathing
they usually breed on filters so on my
fills here there are my type but this is
all the dead plants actually I am but
all the floating plants I collected off
the top of the night today but here they
always read on filters such as ease so
you know if more everyone read them you
know do look up eggs on top of your
filter there we go so if you're a
beginner looking to buy these they're
usually on five pounds that about $10
but rarest BC such as blue platinum or
blue angelfish they can be you know
quite expensive actually anywhere from
20,000 pounds
there's also of measles which are
prominently wild courts which I will
never buy I don't think and they cost
quite a lot there aren't 50 pounds you
know so it's quite a lot of money for
ultimately they're also really pretty
and things like that but I just wanna
you know get things up the world really
if you want to buy any types of sort of
rare recommend either go into your local
fish store if they sell them but also
live aquaria calm they sell amazing
varieties of fish which is great you
know so anywhere from the blue angelfish
to platinum to often moves angles which
is great sorry that's that's enough for
this video thank you for watching guys
and I hope you enjoyed